docs: tw-565-orbit-config-pt4 (#2784)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/launch-arbitrum-chain/partials/config-timeboost.mdx

> Timeboost is an optional transaction ordering policy that is configurable on any Arbitrum chain, including Arbitrum (Orbit) chains. It replaces the First-come, First-served (FCFS) ordering by introducing a sealed-bid, second-price auction for an "express lane." This express lane gives the auction winner a temporary time advantage (default: 200ms) for submitting transactions ahead of others, allowing the chain owner to capture Maximal Extractable Value (MEV) from activities like arbitrage or liquidations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timeboost is an optional transaction ordering policy that can be configured on any Arbitrum chain, including Arbitrum (Orbit) chains. It replaces the First-come, First-served (FCFS) ordering by introducing a sealed-bid, second-price auction for an "express lane." This express lane gives the auction winner a temporary time advantage (default: 200ms) for submitting transactions ahead of others, allowing the chain owner to capture some of the Maximal Extractable Value (MEV) from activities like arbitrage or liquidations.
```

| -------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Revenue and MEV Capture                | Captures MEV (e.g., from arbitrage or backrunning) as auction revenue for the chain owner, potentially generating significant income. Revenue can be redistributed to users, apps, or burned, creating new value accrual paths. Flexible bid tokens (e.g., any `ERC-20`) allow customization.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Revenue isn't guaranteed; it depends on MEV volume—if your Arbitrum chain has low activity, auctions may yield little or nothing. Setup/maintenance costs (e.g., auctioneer infrastructure) could exceed benefits.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Revenue and MEV Capture                | Captures MEV (e.g., from arbitrage or backrunning) as auction revenue for the chain owner, potentially generating significant income. Revenue can be redistributed to users and apps, or burned, creating new value-accrual paths. Flexible bid tokens (e.g., any `ERC-20`) allow customization.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Revenue isn't guaranteed; it depends on MEV volume. If your Arbitrum chain has low activity, auctions may yield little or no value. Setup/maintenance costs (e.g., auctioneer infrastructure) could exceed benefits.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
